[FrameworkBundle] Update `cache_dir` config (#19399)
symfony/symfony-docs: reference/configuration/framework.rst

cache_dir
.........

> .. deprecated:: 7.1

Reviewer: Usually, this section is placed at the end of the option description.

Author: As 7.0 was released recently, there's not so many examples in the current branch 😅 But corrected 👍

    Setting the ``cache_dir`` option is deprecated since Symfony 7.1. The routes
    are now always cached in the ``%kernel.build_dir%`` directory. If you want

>     to disable route caching, set ``ignore_cache`` to ``true`` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to disable route caching, set the ``ignore_cache`` option to ``true``.
```
